my cousin Mickey works here at the show
is very pregnant she's expected to give
birth any minute now her due date was
yesterday and we're all excited because
besides being my cousin Mickey is one of
the most well-loved people here at this
show she's very sweet she's she might be
the nicest person in the world and her
mother is my aunt chippy who is not the
nicest person in the world nor is she
sweet she is as sweet as like a shot
glass full of gasoline so now my aunt
tippy is 145 years old she's never seen
a sonogram before you know where they
look inside the belly of the pregnant
lady to see the baby so a few weeks ago
my cousin Sal and I set up a fake
sonogram appointment with a fake
sonogram technician at a real sonogram
place and Mickey who was in on it
invited her mom to come along to see the
baby
you know so I had the guys in the
graphics department here it show come up
with some very creative video images of
a very active fetus to put in the
sonogram monitor because I wanted to
give and chippie the most incredible
sonogram that anyone has ever seen
are we rolling see on the other side
Mickey is has arrived and she's coming
in shortly
yeah let's send them in okay Claudia you
can send them in Mickey hi
come right in Prince George's whiz
nothing with the names on them right you
don't like their name on it no no no I
mean I don't like like you know daddy's
frightened joy or something like that
yeah what about mommy's little pooper
that mommy's little pooper Oh what do
that are you gonna baptize him in the
dress we're gonna send for luring right
now we're not even sure about the whole
baptism not sure that's absolute thing
this time are you kidding me you should
be very excited in my first sonogram I'm
ever going to say before a spend chippy
again so you've never seen one of these
before never seen on TV well all right
you're gonna love it okay we're gonna
look at the bone structure first okay
we're going to look at the bone
structure first
the baby is encased in carbonite right
now the baby is encased in carbonite
right now which is good the flux
capacitors and the flux capacitor is
feeding at a normal rate okay
it's shot at a whole-body if we can now
hey mickey look say hello to Grandma
nippy say hello to Grandma at B you can
only hear you if you're very loud you
can only hear you can very loud oh I can
be loud
I was scared don't worry he can't see
you don't worry he can't see you
he's clapping can't believe these
clapping guys are here he's got it it's
no one's gonna pick his nose right
that's not no
that would be really cute though oh my
god
[Music]
[Applause]
happens once in a while they look
familiar
[Music]
you're having to brand fun
[Applause]
congratulate
[Music]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel did you know there
are things other than pornography on the
internet watch them on the Jimmy Kimmel
Live YouTube channel which much like
your own body I encourage you to explore
[Music]